(Kim Lip who succeeded the long hours of outdoor shooting!)
(And soon enough, the [Eclipse] outdoor shooting is complete!)
(The filming site drew into the night…)
HeeJin: We finished the MV filming portion at Gimcheon~!
HaSeul: She did so well even though it was her first shooting
HeeJin: For reals~ Her expressions
Kim Lip: For the expressions… I wanted to make them somewhat pretty
Kim Lip: But the song… has a fatal, captivating quality
(Cap-tivate!!!)
Kim Lip: So I kept a serious face!
HeeJin: (Next location) Should we head over to Namyangju!?
Kim Lip: Go go~
(At a rest stop on the way!)
HaSeul: HeeJin, this is your type of thing?
(The PARIS girl’s style!)
HaSeul: HyunJin~
(Now what is this type…)
HyunJin: Ah! YeoJin~~~
HaSeul: YeoJin~ Here you are…
HaSeul: HeeJin, you can’t dance crazy here~ Let’s go!
HaSeul: We are now getting on the bus with a bit of a lighter heart~